This is a folder containing various additional submods you can use with TGC. They are moved here to declutter the launcher.

If you wish to use one of the submods from here, simply move the folder and .mod file (eg, TGCOrganizedStacks and TGCOrganizedStacks.mod) to the mod folder, Victoria II/mod/. Select them together with TGC in the launcher and run the game.

Additionally, you can download our music mod on https://github.com/joelAVS/The-Grand-Orchestra

TGC Countries Endonymic Localization - This is a submod that changes to all country names as they are called in their own languages, rather than plain english
TGC HFM Cultures Map Mode - This is a niche for those that prefer HFM culture map rather than TGC's
TGC Low Ram - This is a performance addon to help run your game faster, read instructions inside this folder to find out how to use it.
TGC Units - Organized Stacks - This is a submod that reorganizes major country armies to 4 infantry, 1 hussar and 5 artillery at game start, for those that prefer to avoid the annoyance of manually doing the reorganization
TGC Statehood Mechanic - This is a rudimentary submod that disallows countries to promote colonies to states as vanilla settings can result in a bit of a mess like Britain stating half their colonies and spamming automobile factories on the Falklands. The submod instead converts colonies by decision, this is not recommended to play with if you will play an unciv, the decision stating covers historical USA statehoods and Russia, which is tied to infrastructure inventions. It is not a finished mod but it is useful for those who find random stating annoying.
TGC Streamer Mod - This is for youtube creators, removes swastikas
TGC Six Great Powers - A simple submod that changes Great Power number from 8 to 6. This is to mimic the historical Great Power number, which for most of the game was 5 (Austria, Prussia, Britain, Russia and France), with USA and Italy rising as contenders for the 6th spot in the late game. Note: Statehood Mechanic and this submod are not compatible. If you wish to play with both, simply go to defines.lua in Statehood mod and change GREAT_NATIONS_COUNT from 8 to 6. This submod also does not include any content balancing pertaining to the change. The idea is to historically mimic more importance to GPs, as well as provide campaigns where you expect GPs to die, for example, you play France, plan to do Napoleonic Italy Puppets, take Belgium, have Rhineland, which will spawn Super Germany and swallow Austria. That's at least 3 GPs less, and so forth.